docs: CAPI docs review (#957)
canonical/k8s-snap: docs/src/capi/howto/migrate-management.md

# Migrate the management cluster

Management cluster migration allows admins to move the management cluster 
to a different substrate or perform maintenance tasks without disruptions.
This guide will walk you through the migration of a management cluster.

## Prerequisites

- A {{product}} CAPI management cluster with Cluster API and providers 
installed and configured.

## Configure the target cluster

Before migrating a cluster, ensure that both the target and source management 
clusters run the same version of providers (infrastructure, bootstrap, 

> control plane). To do so, `clusterctl init` should be called against the 
> target cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
control plane). Use `clusterctl init` to target the cluster:
```

# Migrate the management cluster

> Management cluster migration is a really powerful operation in the cluster’s 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Management cluster migration is a very powerful operation in the cluster’s 
```

> lifecycle as it allows admins to move the management cluster in a more 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
lifecycle as it allows admins to move the management cluster to a more 
```

> reliable substrate or perform maintenance tasks without disruptions.

Reviewer 2: I think I would find a different example than "to a more reliable substrate". I'm not sure what this means.

Author: Changed it to:
```
Management cluster migration allows admins to move the management cluster 
to a different substrate or perform maintenance tasks without disruptions.
```

Reviewer 2: Nice!
